behold the day of the Lord is coming and
your spoil will be divided in your midst
for I will gather all the nations to
battle against Jerusalem the city shall
be taken the house is rifled and the
women ravished half of the city shall go
into captivity but the remnant of the
people shall not be cut off from the
city then the Lord will go forth and
fight against those nations as he fights
in the day of battle and in that day his
feet will stand on the Mount of Olives
which faces Jerusalem on the east and
the Mount of Olives shall be split in
two from east to west making a very
large Valley half of the mountain shall
move toward the north and half of it
toward the south then you shall flee
through my mountain valley for the
mountain valley shall reach to asel yes
you shall flee as you fled from the
earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of
judah thus the Lord my God will come and
all the saints with you it shall come to
pass in that day that there will be no
light the lights will diminish it shall
be one day which is known to the Lord
neither day nor night but at evening
time it shall happen that it will be
light and in that day it shall be that
Living Waters shall flow from Jerusalem
half of them toward the eastern sea and
half of them toward the western sea in
both summer and winter it shall occur
and the Lord shall be king over all the
earth in that day it shall be the Lord
is one and his name one all the land
shall be turned into a plane from giba
to Rimmon south of Jerusalem
Jerusalem shall be raised up and
inhabited in her place from Benjamin's
gate to the place of the first gate and
the corner gate and from the Tower of
Hanano to the Kings wine presses the
people shall dwell in it and no longer
shall there be utter destruction but
Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited and
this shall be the plague with which the
Lord will strike all the people who
fought against Jerusalem their flesh
shall dissolve while they stand on the
feet their eyes shall dissolve in their
sockets and their tongues shall dissolve
in their mouths it shall come to pass in
that day that a great panic from the
Lord will be among them every one will
seize the hand of his neighbor and raise
his hand against his neighbor's hand
Judah also will fight at Jerusalem and
the wealth of all the surrounding
nations shall be gathered together gold
silver and apparel in great abundance
such also shall be the plague on the
horse and the mule on the camel and the
donkey and on all the cattle that will
be in those camps so shall this plague
be and it shall come to pass that
everyone who is left of all the nations
which came against Jerusalem shall go up
from year to year to worship the king
the Lord of hosts and to keep the Feast
of Tabernacles and it shall be that
whichever of the families of the earth
do not come up to Jerusalem to worship
the king the Lord of hosts on them there
will be no rain if the family of Egypt
will not come up and enter in they shall
have no rain they shall receive the
plague with which the Lord strikes the
nations who do not come up to keep the
Feast of Tabernacles this shall be the
punishment of Egypt and the punishment
of all the nations that do not come up
to
keep the Feast of Tabernacles in that
day holiness to the Lord shall be
engraved on the bells of the horses the
pots in the Lord's house shall be like
the bowls before the altar yes every pot
in Jerusalem and Judah shall be holiness
to the Lord of Hosts every one who
sacrifices shall come and take them and
cook in them in that day there shall no
longer be a Canaanite in the house of
the Lord of hosts
[Music]